mr. foamer simpson here and this is
their back-to-school shoe drive
so the first fact the school's huge I've
was a huge success I want to say thank
you so much really to everybody who sent
a pair we've donated a couple of dollars
you know it really means a lot over 200
kids almost 250 kids left with a fresh
pair of sneakers and I can't even tell
you how much I appreciate it the kids
were super happy it was just it was just
awesome to be a part of and all of you
made it possible so thank you it was a
little bit hard to get footage because
me and buckets were both working and
making sure everybody got their size and
kind of taking care of kids so there's
not a ton of it but seriously just
wanted to say thank you to everybody who
made this possible not too much else to
talk about so until next time mr Palmer
Simpson